Step-by-Step Solution for Replit "Site Can't Be Reached" Error
1. Check the Replit Project Status
Is your project still available?
Log in to your Replit dashboard and see if the project is listed.

If it’s missing, it may have been deleted or made private.

If it’s there, open it and click the "Run" button to restart the server.

2. Check the URL
Make sure you are using the correct URL.

Sometimes, Replit regenerates URLs if you stop and restart a project.

Copy the URL directly from the "Open in a new tab" button in your Replit workspace.

3. Restart the Replit Project
In your Replit workspace, click the "Stop" button, then "Run" again.

Wait for the project to fully start, then try the new link.

4. Test with a Different Browser or Device
Try opening the link on another browser or device to rule out local browser issues.

5. Clear DNS Cache
Windows:
Open Command Prompt and run:

text
ipconfig /flushdns
Mac:
Open Terminal and run:

text
sudo killall -HUP mDNSResponder
6. Try a Different Network
If possible, connect to a different Wi-Fi or use mobile data to test if your network is blocking the domain.

7. Check Replit Status
Visit Replit Status to see if there are any ongoing outages or issues.

8. Contact Replit Support
If you have tried all the above and it still doesn't work:

Go to Replit Support or post on the Replit Ask forum.

Use this prompt:

Subject:
Cannot Access My Replit Project - DNS_PROBE_FINISHED_NXDOMAIN Error

Body:
Hello,
I am unable to access my Replit project at this URL:
ecf57d58-5c9f-4d05-a867-757347d479df-00-1svyck8omkegu.worf.replit.dev
I have tried restarting the project, clearing DNS cache, using different browsers and networks, but the issue persists.
Please help me resolve this.

Thank you!

Summary Table
Step	Action
1. Check project status	Is the project present and running in your dashboard?
2. Check/copy URL	Use the latest URL from Replit workspace.
3. Restart project	Stop and Run the project again.
4. Try another browser/device	Rule out browser/device-specific issues.
5. Clear DNS cache	Flush DNS on your computer.
6. Try another network	Rule out network-specific issues.
7. Check Replit status	Look for outages on Replit’s status page.
8. Contact support	If all else fails, contact Replit with the details above.
If you still need help, please let me know: